Update AWS Private Link security group port guide (#137)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/networking/pages/aws-privatelink.adoc

    --protocol "tcp" \
    --port 443-443 \
    --cidr 0.0.0.0/0
# Redpanda Kafka broker port ranges

> #   There are three broker port ranges that alternate during normal system maintenance, and all three must be open.  Adjust the end port number if the Redpanda broker count is not three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   There are three broker port ranges that alternate during normal system maintenance, and all three must be open. Adjust the end port number if the Redpanda broker count is not three.
```

    --protocol "tcp" \
    --port 443-443 \
    --cidr 0.0.0.0/0
# Redpanda Kafka broker port ranges
#   There are 3 ranges that alternate during normal system maintenance and all 3 must be open
#
#   Adjust the end port number if the Redpanda broker count is not 3.
#
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
    --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID \
    --protocol "tcp" \
    --port 32092-32094 \
    --cidr 0.0.0.0/0
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
    --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID \
    --protocol "tcp" \
    --port 32192-32194 \
    --cidr 0.0.0.0/0
aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --region $REGION --profile $PROFILE \
    --group-id $SECURITY_GROUP_ID \
    --protocol "tcp" \
    --port 32292-32294 \
    --cidr 0.0.0.0/0
# Redpanda Panda Proxy port ranges

> #   There are 3 ranges that alternate during normal system maintenance and all 3 must be open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#   There are three port ranges that alternate during normal system maintenance, and all three must be open. Adjust the end port number if the Redpanda broker count is not three.
```
